great angels will always be a part of
riverdale
i love you so much dad father not you
understood agent ordelia welcome home jj
you're under arrest for what for
conducting
illegal activities at your establishment
charles
your brother it's vital that we find
your mom asap is there anything we can
do to help
hermione lodge you're under arrest for
conspiracy to commit murder
your own husbands guys are thinking
about making some changes to this place
mad dog
i want you to help me run it oh yeah
this is what i got when i asked my dad
about that stupid game
my team's been investigating edgar
avenue for quite some time now we had
someone on the inside
what were you doing in there i was
praying
you should go to stonewall practice my
mother is an fbi informant
charles what if that means she's been
found out
look me in the eye and tell me you don't
want to go to a school that recognizes
your talent
the lodge name is tainted but my
mother's maiden name gomez i think i
could work with that hey
are you forsythe yeah brett weston
wallace
mr chipping asked me to roll out the red
carpet but i did see edgar
and betty he's armed anchor's digging in
he's getting ready for war what did you
say we're gonna turn this place into a
community center red jughead
moose what the hell wait are you my
roommate
mia i'm not paying for your crimes i
told the world
what you are deal with it that's so much
for a new start
i think you'd make an excellent
candidate for the junior fbi training
program
no one is safe here is that really the
town that you want to invest
are you warming up to our half brother
now yeah kind of
i'm just glad that charles was there for
you actually considering fighting crime
in those tights are you of course not
i'm gonna need a mask hey your days of
exploiting kids to do your dirty work
ends tonight
who's julian julian was to be your
triplet
you had absorbed the third one
that the doll's back the spirit of
julian
is haunting thistle house what other
explanation could there possibly be
did you happen to know my grandfather
your grandfather was an
excellent writer you see our father
needed help our father beings kids
they're good kids right we're thinking
maybe the bulldogs could be like big
brothers tonight
we don't actually know anything about
charles
i'm interested in is he a serial killer
or not
leave town but the next time we meet
you won't be driving away you won't even
be walking
you're dead man you hear me thank you
for meeting with me mr dupont i wanted
to talk to you about the first book in
the baxter brothers series
you didn't write it was written by my
grandfather i am excited to fulfill a
lifelong dream of mine and announce my
candidacy for mayor you're very lucky
i don't take you to the headmaster and
get you expelled
uh cricket uncle bedford are you okay
i'm sorry jughead then i couldn't help
you
sure i'll go bedford you are going away
for a long
long time chef are you monster
i will be taking over mr chipping
seminar you want to fight me again
don't you need to put your mask on first
gotta get into a hospital
now that the trials are over i think
it's time to let bygones be bygones
you know what i think carrot top i think
you've got a hero complex
with him i wanted to ask you about
grandpa do you know he was a writer my
old man
wasn't a writer he was a mean mean drunk
i have invited your father back i can't
believe you
we were done with him what is this six
hours
of our house why would somebody do that
film it and then leave the evidence on
the front doorstep
you two are trying to cover up something
about mr chipping suicide
it wasn't a murderer you were there
jones no one pushed him out that window
i killed the caramel no betty
that wasn't you that was your deeply
screwed up death see those people over
there
they're dodger's family i'm not sure
what you're here for
but you and your boys need to leave
we've got kids here we don't want any
trouble
you've reached the riverdale hotline if
you wish to report a problem in your
neighborhood
leave a message anonymity is your choice
we're here to help
someone is trying to drive me mad but
once i find out who this depraved
monster is
i will unleash a wrath upon them
you